PRIVACY POLICY
      
 Last updated March 08, 2023
 
This privacy notice for Portal Plus ('Company', 'we', 'us', or 'our'), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ('process') your information 
when you use our services ('Services'), such as when you:Download and use our mobile application (Portal+), or any other application of ours that links to this privacy 
noticeEngage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or eventsQuestions or concerns? Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your 
privacy rights and choices. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please 
contact us at kareemelkaderi@gmail.com.

SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or 
by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. You can also click here to go directly to our table of contents.

What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with Portal Plus and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. Click here to learn more.Do we process any sensitive personal information? We do not process sensitive personal information.
Do we receive any information from third parties? We do not receive any information from third parties.How do we process your information? We 
process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also 
process your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Click here to learn more.In 
what situations and with which types of parties do we share personal information? We may share information in specific situations and with specific categories of third 
parties. Click here to learn more.How do we keep your information safe? We have organisational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal 
information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or 
guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify 
your information. Click here to learn more.What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have 
certain rights regarding your personal information. Click here to learn more.How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out 
our data subject request form available here, or by contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.Want to 
learn more about what Portal Plus does with any information we collect? Click here to review the notice in full.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to usIn Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.We collect personal 
information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in 
activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.Personal Information Provided by You. The personal information that we collect depends on the context of 
your interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the 
following:usernamespasswordsSensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the 
following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or 
certain features of the application(s). If you wish to opt out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.This 
information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting 
purposes.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal 
information.Information automatically collectedIn Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is 
collected automatically when you visit our Services.We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does 
not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device 
characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other 
technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and reporting 
purposes.The information we collect includes:Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers 
automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your IP 
address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, 
pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports 
(sometimes called 'crash dumps'), and hardware settings).Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device 
you use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and 
application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration 
information.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for 
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.We process your personal information 
for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:

3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following categories of third parties.Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service 
Providers. We may share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents ('third parties') who perform services for us or on our behalf 
and require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your personal 
information. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also not share your personal 
information with any organisation apart from us. They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it for the period we instruct. The 
categories of third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:Data Analytics ServicesAd NetworksTesting ToolsWe also may need to share your 
personal information in the following situations:Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any 
merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services, but are not 
affiliated with, our Services.The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties 
that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such third 
parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a link towards a 
third-party website, service, or application does not imply an endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. 
Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy notice. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any 
third parties, including other websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services. You should review the policies of such third parties and 
contact them directly to respond to your questions.

5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes 
set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements).When we have no 
ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, 
because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing 
until deletion is possible.

6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organisational and 
technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational security measures designed to protect the security of any 
personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information 
storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorised third parties will not be 
able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, 
transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:  You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time. If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully 
processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: 
https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.If you are located in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities 
are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, 
which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You can withdraw your consent at 
any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section 'HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?' below.However, please note that this will 
not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted 
in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at 
kareemelkaderi@gmail.com.

8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track 
('DNT') feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this 
stage no uniform technology standard for recognising and implementing DNT signals has been finalised. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or 
any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the 
future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as 
the 'Shine The Light' law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories 
of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared 
personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in 
writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Services, you 
have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Services. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact 
information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not 
publicly displayed on the Services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).

10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy notice from time 
to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated 'Revised' date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material 
changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to 
review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?If you have questions or 
comments about this notice, you may email us at kareemelkaderi@gmail.com or by post to:Portal Plus__________Cairo, Cairo 11865Egypt

12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the 
personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please fill out and 
submit a data subject access request.  
